README.md, before:

# marginalia.nu

This is the source code for marginalia.nu, including the [search engine](https://search.marginalia.nu), 
the [MEMEX/gemini server](https://memex.marginalia.nu), the and the [encyclopedia service](https://encyclopedia.marginalia.nu). 

The canonical git server for this project is [https://git.marginalia.nu](https://git.marginalia.nu),
it is fine to mirror it on other hosts, but if you have issues or questions
that is where you want to go.

As it stands now, the project is a bit of a mess as it wasn't developed 
with the intention of going open source, a lot of tests and so on make
assumptions about the directory structure, much configuration is hard coded
and so on. Please stand by. A lot of the mess is fairly superficial.

## Contributing

The project is still being set up, but if you are interested in contributing, please contact me. 

## Supporting

Consider [supporting this project](https://memex.marginalia.nu/projects/edge/supporting.gmi).

## Contact

You can email <kontakt@marginalia.nu> with any questions or feedback.

Commit message:

Update index.html for search engine (#25)
Co-authored-by: vlofgren <vlofgren@gmail.com>
Reviewed-on: https://git.marginalia.nu/marginalia/marginalia.nu/pulls/25

README.md, after:

# marginalia.nu

This is the source code for marginalia.nu, including the [search engine](https://search.marginalia.nu), 
the [MEMEX/gemini server](https://memex.marginalia.nu), the and the [encyclopedia service](https://encyclopedia.marginalia.nu). 

The aim of the project is to develop new and alternative discovery methods for the Internet. 
It's an experimental workshop as much as it is a public service, the overarching goal is to
elevate the more human, non-commercial sides of the Internet.

The canonical git server for this project is [https://git.marginalia.nu](https://git.marginalia.nu).
It is fine to mirror it on other hosts, but if you have issues or questions
git.marginalia.nu is where you want to go.

As it stands now, the project is still being set up and is a bit of a mess as 
it wasn't developed with the intention of going open source, a lot of tests
and so on make assumptions about the directory structure, much configuration 
is hard coded and so on. Please stand by. A lot of the mess is fairly superficial.

## Contributing

The project is still being set up, but if you are interested in contributing, please contact me. 

## Supporting

Consider [supporting this project](https://memex.marginalia.nu/projects/edge/supporting.gmi).

## Contact

You can email <kontakt@marginalia.nu> with any questions or feedback.
