code/functions/language-processing/readme.md, before:

# Language Processing

This function gathers various tools used in language processing,
keyword extraction, and so on.

## Language Processing Tool

It also houses a tool for inspecting the output of keyword extraction,
which can be accessed by running the command below from the root of the project.
The tool becomes accessible on port 8080.

```bash
$ ./gradlew :code:functions:language-processing:run
```

## Central Classes

* [SentenceExtractor](java/nu/marginalia/language/sentence/SentenceExtractor.java) - 
Creates a [DocumentLanguageData](java/nu/marginalia/language/model/DocumentLanguageData.java) from a text, containing
its words, how they stem, POS tags, and so on. 
* [LanguageConfiguration](java/nu/marginalia/language/config/LanguageConfiguration.java) - parses langauge configuration xml files into LanguageDefinition objects
* [LanguageDefinition](java/nu/marginalia/language/model/LanguageDefinition.java) - holds all per-language cusotmizations that are fed into the language processing pipeline
* [DocumentKeywordExtractor](java/nu/marginalia/keyword/DocumentKeywordExtractor.java) - extracts keywords from documents

Commit message:

(language) Further amend the docs to mention the language configuration files

code/functions/language-processing/readme.md, after:

# Language Processing

This function gathers various tools used in language processing,
keyword extraction, and so on.

## Language Configuration

The files [resources/languages-default.xml](resources/languages-default.xml) and [resources/languages-experimental.xml](resources/languages-experimental.xml) hold the laguage definitions used by the search engine,
the former is used in production and the latter in most tests that require language processing. 

The search engine excludes any languages not configured in these files, though it is relatively easy to define a stub
configuration that gets a simpler behavior out of the search engine.  

## Language Processing Tool

It also houses a tool for inspecting the output of keyword extraction,
which can be accessed by running the command below from the root of the project.
The tool becomes accessible on port 8080.

```bash
$ ./gradlew :code:functions:language-processing:run
```

## Central Classes

* [SentenceExtractor](java/nu/marginalia/language/sentence/SentenceExtractor.java) - 
Creates a [DocumentLanguageData](java/nu/marginalia/language/model/DocumentLanguageData.java) from a text, containing
its words, how they stem, POS tags, and so on. 
* [LanguageConfiguration](java/nu/marginalia/language/config/LanguageConfiguration.java) - parses langauge configuration xml files into LanguageDefinition objects
* [LanguageDefinition](java/nu/marginalia/language/model/LanguageDefinition.java) - holds all per-language cusotmizations that are fed into the language processing pipeline
* [DocumentKeywordExtractor](java/nu/marginalia/keyword/DocumentKeywordExtractor.java) - extracts keywords from documents
