code/processes/converting-process/readme.md, before:

# Converting Process

The converting process reads crawl data and extracts information to be fed into the index,
such as keywords, metadata, urls, descriptions...

## Central Classes

* [ConverterMain](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/ConverterMain.java) orchestrates the conversion process.
* [DocumentProcessor](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/DocumentProcessor.java) converts a single document.
* - [HtmlDocumentProcessorPlugin](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/HtmlDocumentProcessorPlugin.java) 
has HTML-specific logic related to a document, keywords and identifies features such as whether it has javascript.
* - [PlainTextDocumentProcessorPlugin](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/PlainTextDocumentProcessorPlugin.java)
  has plain text-specific logic related to a document...
* [DomainProcessor](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/DomainProcessor.java) converts each document and 
generates domain-wide metadata such as link graphs.

## See Also

* [features-convert](../../features-convert/)

Commit message:

(docs)  Improve architectural documentation for the converter.

code/processes/converting-process/readme.md, after:

# Converting Process

The converting process reads crawl data and extracts information to be fed into the index,
such as keywords, metadata, urls, descriptions...

## Structure

Most information is extracted from the document itself within `DocumentProcessor`, but some information is extracted from the
context of the document, such as other documents on the same domain.  This is done in `DomainProcessor`.

To support multiple document formats, the converting process is pluggable. Each plugin is responsible for
converting a single document format, such as HTML or plain text.  

Further, the HTML plugin supports specializations, which refine the conversion process for specific 
server software, such as Javadoc, MediaWiki, PhpBB, etc.  This helps to improve the processing for 
common types of websites, and makes up for the fact that it's hard to build a one-size-fits-all heuristic
for deciding which parts of a document are important that does justice to every website.

## Anchor Text

The converting process also supports supplementing the data with external information, such as anchor texts. 
This is done automatically if `atags.parquet` is available in the `data/`-directory.  atags.parquet can be
downloaded from [here](https://downloads.marginalia.nu/exports/). 

The rationale for doing this as well as the details of how the file is generated is described in this blog post: 
https://www.marginalia.nu/log/93_atags/ 

## Central Classes

* [ConverterMain](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/ConverterMain.java) orchestrates the conversion process.
* [DocumentProcessor](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/DocumentProcessor.java) converts a single document.
* - [HtmlDocumentProcessorPlugin](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/HtmlDocumentProcessorPlugin.java) 
has HTML-specific logic related to a document, keywords and identifies features such as whether it has javascript.
* * - [HtmlProcessorSpecializations](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/specialization/HtmlProcessorSpecializations.java)
* * - [XenForoSpecialization](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/specialization/XenForoSpecialization.java) ...
* - [PlainTextDocumentProcessorPlugin](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/plugin/PlainTextDocumentProcessorPlugin.java)
  has plain text-specific logic related to a document...

* [DomainProcessor](src/main/java/nu/marginalia/converting/processor/DomainProcessor.java) converts each document and 
generates domain-wide metadata such as link graphs.

## See Also

* [features-convert](../../features-convert/)
